yes you remember me
or maybe not whatever my name is Joseph
Sophia patient here he needs medicine no
problem
my character has pills plenty of them
you ask and sometime you get in trouble
you find me I help you he's what they do
best help people i help whole village
practically back home then he sees 12
nephews no kids for you good not here
anyway no place for kids
now adventure begins Oh new people never
stop here's the bloody tape alright
that's it that's all I've got
well aren't you going to destroy it
that's what your friends usually do
wait you're not here for the tapes are
you I see the problem now you can get
the pills you need from the church in
Paulo the priest there will help you
assuming you make it in time
just passes along for me you can't break
a man then will you break a dog or horse
the harder you beat a man the top so
you're not one of them I'm Ruben oh I
can be what you call a stringer and you
are new i canter by the set of your
clothes they're much too clean you're
taking a chance talking to me I'm
persona non grata around here the
wallets want me out of the country they
don't like the story I'm writing it's
about the war and about them of course
but mostly it's about the famous arms
dealer the jakka that was him on the
table do you know I have covered 16 was
across Africa 16 and every time he has
been there selling his weapons are
making a fortune why millions of people
suffer and die
he thinks he can continue to do his work
in secret but not this time
this stories they are going to come out
to Jack as the Warlord's the soldiers
the boy soldiers even the NGOs I intend
to expose the whole sordid mess I make
it sound very dramatic we'll see if
anybody back home even notices
I've been interviewing people for months
now
diplomats warlords civilians wherever I
could trick into talking to me I had
some fantastic material then the
soldiers confiscated my tapes they said
they'd destroy them or maybe not I don't
know I can very well go looking for them
I'm no good with a gun you see and you
need one these days just across the
street you've seen the fighting the war
is getting worse but a minute it's
absurd because why are they fighting for
what you can see the country's destroy
the people the Diamonds the cities but
about a reggie's on with a jack as
weapons no less it is going to end badly
and I'm afraid I will be here to see it
I'm a bit of a robin egg I suppose
listen if you find any more of my tapes
please bring them back to me yeah de ba
I need them for my story I'll tell you
right now I can't pay you I can only
offer you my what less friendship in
return
but you I've heard of you I am carbonic
if you are ever in a bind I hope you
will seek me out
it would be my great honor to work with
you I worked in security many places
France India and now here with you
perhaps